Add info and update benefits on IDP Doc (#586)
astronomer/docs: astro/configure-idp.md

This guide provides setup steps for integrating both of these identity providers on Astro. Once you complete the integration for your organization:

- Users will automatically be authenticated to Astro if they're already logged in to your IdP.

> - Enhanced user experience as repeated logins and remembering credentials is no longer required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users will no longer have to repeatedly login and remember credentials for their account.
```

> - Credential configuration and management is entirely owned by you (the Customer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You will have complete ownership over credential configuration and management on Astro.
```
If an administrator is using this doc, I don't think we need to clarify the "you" here.

:::info

> Astro only supports Service Provider (SP)-initiated SSO. Users are required to login via the [Cloud UI](https://cloud.astronomer.io/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro only supports Service Provider (SP)-initiated SSO. Users are required to log in via the [Cloud UI](https://cloud.astronomer.io/)
```

> Astro only supports Service Provider (SP)-initiated SSO. Users are required to log in via the [Cloud UI](https://cloud.astronomer.io/)

Author: @paolaperaza I updated the suggestion and removed 'and cannot initiate a log in via your IdP if not already authenticated.', as its another way of saying we only support SP initiated.
